Title (Version 1): What does chronic high-calorie diet do to your brain?
    (Version 2): High-calorie diet induced obesity alters the reward system
    
## Structure (Studer_2020)

["author" = author of the reviewed paper; "Studer" = author of the N&V]

Main (800-1000):

1. introduce the (existing) problem the article tackled
    1.1 relatable example (e.g.,):
        1.1.1 Recall the last time you had "comfort food"/doughnut/fried chicken/chocolate/candy, craving! Why? Not that you need them to keep you alive,but it makes you feel good.
        
        1.1.2 (or) Why doughnut/fried chicken/chocolate/candy are hard to resist?
        
        1.1.3 (or) Does food choice only about "will power" or there are actual/physiological changes in your brain? i.e., gaining weight is just bc one lacks "will power"?
    
    1.2 high-calorie diet esp. processed palatable food are easily accessible, induced obesity, which is a pressing problem (give WHO data here)
    
    1.3 existing problem
        1.3.1 existing studies showed diet-induced obesity can change the brain, but where? what? how? unknown
        
        1.3.2 pointing to the reward system, similar to addiction, NAc esp., and introduce ventral pallidum
        
        1.3.3 Are some more likely to gain weight than others? i.e., some people are more susceptible to choose palatable food ( which leads to gain excessive weight) given the same diet? i.e., innate/personal difference?
    


2. introduce diet-induced obesity & its relationship with reward system
    2.1 gives rise to the pos. of involving growth factor in PD
    
    2.2 gradually reason to introducing growth factor into adult brain to treat PD

3. method in the article, i,e., justification of choosing the method

4. method in more detail

5. more method stuff which leads directly to their finding, i.e., the timing matters

6. finding (neuronal integration)
    6.1 importance of understanding the biology of each developmental stage
    6.2 thus the delivery timing mattered
    6.3 the future of using GDNF is bright, if timing is optimised
    6.4 and this timing is comparable to other animals, e.g., rodent & primate
    
7. other limitation of current approaches, which is resolved by this new approaches
    7.1 author used fluorescent to address this issue -> sig. improvement

8. views from Studer
    8.1 significance again in one sentence
    8.2 future challenge identified by author, i.e., limitations

9. views from Studer
    9.1 follows previous limitations, further identify issues, i.e., if GDNF is enough
    9.2 what are the possible solution to these issues

10.1 situation of introducing 9.2 into PD (how it is applicable)
10.2 another benefit of using this new approach

11. summary:
    11.1 significance of this paper
    11.2 pre-caution
    11.3 bright future of GDNFo
    


##Leiden clinical neuro review paper guideline:
    The writing assignment uses the same structure as an academic article, and must consist of at least the following sections:

1. Introduction: with a sufficient statement of the problem(ending in a clear statement of questions and objectives).
    Try to think of an interesting research question based on the supplied key articles, or use the question asked in the paper topic(half to 1 page).

2. Middle part: consisting of several paragraphs.
    In this middle part, arguments should be presented clearly and concisely (1-2 pages). 

3. Discussion and conclusion: short summary with a conclusion and recommendations for further research (half to 1 page).
